# SoftwareDevelopmentLifecycle

#How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
User needs are interpretted by gathering feedback and data from clients and stakeholders. They can, also, be gathered by the team as examples. For instance, if the cleint wants the user to do A, the user would, also, be required to be able to do B. The needs are implemented via stories that are created and added to the backlog. The purpose of the story is to give the developers a look at what the function of the story is going to be. "Make a calculator" and "Make a calculator that allows the user to add, subtract, multiply, and divide" are two different examples. The first one is ambigious and can mean a lot of different things. The latter is descriptive, gets closer to the point than the other, and will yeild a faster response, or development time.

#How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
After going through CS 250, the agile method will be my goto in approach for developing programs. I hope to incorporate the almost the whole agile process in my future development work, for personal applications, though. Professionally, I hope to work with the whole process or just a portion, what ever the need may be at the time. Personally, creating a backlog and using the quick sprints would help me greatly. Although, my hyper-active disorder would make it difficult for me, the agile process will help me keep focused. 

#What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Theres a lot to being a good team member. For one thing, you should know what you're doing. Being able to write code and fix errors correctly is a large portion of it. Another portion of being a good team member is being supportive, flexible, and understanding. There would be a break down in communication and development if you refuse to work with others. The project would hurt and it wouldn't look too good for the team. Attending meetings and providing feedback is another requirement. Without it would be, once again, a break down in communication and development would hurt. 
